README.md, before:

# suncalc-cli 

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] 
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] 
[![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url] 
[![Coverage percentage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]


Command line tool based on [Suncalc](https://github.com/mourner/suncalc) to be used 
from command line.

I created the tool for usage in a personal [Domoticz](http://www.domoticz.com/) home automation project.

## Installation

Install as a global CLI tool

```sh
$ npm install -g suncalc-cli
```

## Usage

### Get the azimuth of the sun on a given location
```sh
suncalc-cli azimuth [-l <latitude>,<longtitude>] [-d "<date>"] [-a]
```
Returns the azimuth or altitude.

The location option is required.
The date option is optional, defaults to the current datetime.
Use -a to get the altitude of the sun.

## License

Apache-2.0 © [Tim Klingeleers](http://tim.klingeleers.be)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/suncalc-cli.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/suncalc-cli
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli
[coveralls-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli/badge.svg
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli

Commit message:

Slightly changed command syntax to be able to handle more suncalc values like sunrise and sunset times, implemented shortcut for "tomorrow"

README.md, after:

# suncalc-cli 


Command line tool based on [Suncalc](https://github.com/mourner/suncalc) to be used 
from command line.

This is a fork from Mardaneus86/suncalc-cli adding some features. No npm package is available for the 
fork as this time. You can install the fork via npm though if you git installed.

## Installation

Install as a global CLI tool (git must be installed!)

```sh
$ npm install -g mwittig/suncalc-cli
```

## Usage

### Options:

```sh
    Usage: suncalc-cli [options]    
    -h, --help                            output usage information
    -V, --version                         output the version number
    -v, --value [value]                   One of azimuth|altitude|sunrise|sunset (defaults to azimuth)
    -d, --date [date]                     Date (defaults to current date)
    -l, --location [latitude,longtitude]  Location
```    

The location option is required.
The date option is optional, defaults to the current datetime.

## Examples

### Get the azimuth of the sun for a given location

```sh
suncalc-cli -v azimuth -l 52.5072111,13.1449592,10
```

### Get sunrise time of the sun for tomorrow for a given location

```sh
suncalc-cli -v sunset -l 52.5072111,13.1449592,10 -d tomorrow
```

## License

Original suncalc-cli code: Apache-2.0 © [Tim Klingeleers](http://tim.klingeleers.be)
